WARNING: I haven't audited this recently and do not know whether there
any security risks. It survived a few years of being publicly available,
but that was a long time ago and I would attribute it to the board being
a low-profile target rather than quality of the code. I strongly advise
deploying where available to the general public, do so at your own risk.

I wrote this wonky little message board ca. 2000 at a friend's request.
It went live and did its wonky little thing for a couple of years
afterwards, maybe more. It certainly brought a few good people together
but the thought of HOW it was made gives me shivers now.

Let it remain here a sobering testament of how much of an idiot I was ten
years back. (And I can only hope that in ten more years I shall perceive
the current me quite as much of an idiot.)

SETTING UP:

0. This assumes a Linux host and Apache 2, Perl 5 and MySQL 5 already
running.

1. Make sure the shebangs in scripts/*.pl point to a Perl interpreter.
Either link /usr/bin/perl to your interpreter or change the shebangs if
yours is located elsewhere.

2. chmod 0755 scripts/*.pl

3. Add the ScriptAlias directive to your Apache configuration. See
install/apache.conf

4. Restart Apache.

5. Configure database access by editing configuration/gastbuch.cf

6. Create the database from the schema in install/schema.sql - note that
user with ID 1 is the (only) administrator and also the target of the
script listing the GB rules (or whatnot) - by gathering all the posts
with "(number). " at the start of the subject.

7. Make sure mysqld recognizes the account gb is configured to use and
grant access to the corresponding database (SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE,
DELETE privileges).

8. login_form.pl is, surprisingly, the login form and adduser_form.pl
allows creation of new user accounts.

9. Enjoy the horror.

(The scripts will attempt to write a simple log to utility/access_log
but I would advise against using that. There are also some simple
scripts for analyzing the access statistics in utility/)
